Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI here!
The other day,
on the 18th of March
the A.I.Channel Fan Event 2018
went through without any problems!!
Did everyone watch it?
How was it?
What I thought after it ended was
Thank you to everyone!!
Really, thank you from the bottom of my heart
Is
What I thought
The YouTube staff that helped me,
The event staff,
And everyone who sent me messages
Coming to the venue,
Watching the livestream,
All of you Kizuners,
Really,
Having everyone's support
I was able to host my first real event!!
Alex-chan also worked really hard
Doing my first event together
I was happy
Really, really
Thank you, everyone!!
Although the event was in Tokyo,
From lots of places
People came for this day
Even,
Someone from Germany!!
[Our very own LIZM a.k.aドイツちゃん]
Isn't that amazing!
They crossed the sea
And came!!
The other day,
We high-fived,
Played shiritori,
[Japanese version of Word Chain]
Took photos together,
Hugged!
With lots of Kizuners,
I got to talk to them directly
It was really fun!
However,
There were some moments when the time was tight
The truth is
Also for the people who were watching the live stream
I really really
Wanted to make it so that we could have more fun together...
"It was fun!!"
"It was the best!!"
There were so many people who said that,
I was really happy but
There were also many people who said
They didn't think so
For that,
I'm really sorry
Next time I'll try harder so that more people can enjoy it
From here on,
I would be happy if you kept supporting me!!
I'm in your care!!
There's so much more I want to say
And so much more I want everyone to hear, but, but!
For today I'll leave it here
So,
The thing I want to say the most is
Just one thing!!
Everyone, thank you!!
Please keep supporting me!!
Since I have this opportunity,
I'll show some of the event!!
Well then...
Here we...
Go!!
[Kizuna AI Challenge 100
I want everyone to say "Hai Doumo!"]
AI: Well then everyone, will you all do it?
Alex: Is everyone ready?
AI: Ready, steady...
Everyone: Hai Doumo!!
AI: Isn't there too little energy?
Crowd: *laughs*
Alex: That was a bit...
AI: Not enough
AI: Today's most
AI: Energetic voice
AI: Is what we'll use!!
Everyone: YAAY!!
AI: That's good, that's good
AI: Just like that, let's go
AI: Ready, steady...
Everyone: "Hai Doumo!!"
AI: Wait, wait, wait
AI: Why, wait,
AI: Why does the "Ou"
AI: in "Hai Doumo!!" go down
AI: Let's do this
AI: One last time
AI: Let's do this, let's do this!
AI: Ready, steady...
Everyone: "Hai Doumo!!"
AI: We did it~
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by ericat
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait